This is a .txt file that will walk you through how to run a successful
test using the array and what each functionality does. This file will
be connected to the array control pannel and will pop up when you call
it from the app. 

Sam Kramer							19JUL23

Starting the app:
	I am assuming that you have already figured out how to do this
	because you are looking at this document, but here it is.
	1. Open MATLAB on the computer
	2. Go to Apps tab on the top and select the down arrow on the 
	   far right.
	3. Go to favorites and select "IRES Array Control App"
	4. Double click the app and allow it to open
	5. LET THE SYSTEM INITIALIZE BEFORE DOING ANYTHING ELSE.
		- The system will not work if the DAW is not already on

Running a test:
	1. Put in all the parameters you would like (i.e., change the
	trigger voltage, the test length, test delay, and sample rate).
	Go to the Cameras Tab and click visualize trigger to confirm the 
	test will run how you want it to.
	2. Click start test, observe the green light change to indicate
	data collection has begun.
	3. Allow the test to end.
	4. Go to the Acoustics tab in the app and click visualize data.
	The system should plot the data to show the data collected by
	the system. 
	5. If you are happy with the data, go to the acoustics tab and
	then change the title. DO NOT INCLUDE SPACES. Click save data.
	6. View that the data has been saved properly by going into the
	Array Acoustics folder, going to test data, validation data, and
	confirming that the data is in the folder named "Testing [date]"
	7. Update the test log with how the test went. This is for 
	continuitity's sake.

That should be all for running the test. There are a number of data analysis
scripts that we could use to analyze the data that you just took. A list of 
those data sets are below:
	1. specfilt_data --> 	This is a spectrogram of a certain mic from a 
				dataset for a defined time period. This has 
				fixed filter parameters from 40kHz to 120kHz.
	2. specfilt_data2 -->	This is a spectrogram of a certain mic for a 
				dataset for a defined time period. This has
				tuneable filter parameters. 
	3. filter_data --> 	This filters the data for the user defined range
	4. Analyze_data --> 	This will fully analyze the data for the user. 

All of these functions are located in the libraries section, I encourage the user
to read through them all and the documentation located in the ReadMe.txt in the
main Array Acoustics folder.